Initial theme structure (#1)
GetStoreConnect/elegance-theme: README.md

# Elegance Theme

The StoreConnect Elegance Theme is a multi-purpose theme and clean theme ideal for cosmetic, clothing, or fashion industries. 

<img width="1496" alt="elegance_theme" src="https://github.com/GetStoreConnect/elegance-theme/assets/77841884/9de4b339-a6a7-452d-ad64-c39b36ffa206">

This versatile design can be easily repurposed or readjusted to suit any store, offering a sophisticated and clean layout. It is specifically tailored to emphasize upsell products, encouraging customers to seamlessly navigate through your offerings. 

## Directory Structure

This theme has a specific folder structure containing new and customised templates.

> Also, it has been developed using the [Base Theme](https://github.com/GetStoreConnect/base-theme) as a boilerplate. The Elegance theme doesn't contain all the base theme structure, we only include those customised, modified and new templates, snippets, variables or translations. Feel free to create a brand new theme using the base theme or extending the templates and functionalities on this theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developed using the [Base Theme](https://github.com/GetStoreConnect/base-theme) as a boilerplate. The Elegance theme doesn't contain all the base theme structure, we only include those customised, modified and new templates, snippets, variables or translations. StoreConnect will always fall back to the Base Theme template when a theme does not contain its own customised equivalent template.

Feel free to create your own brand new theme using the base theme or extending the templates and functionality on this theme.
```

## Theme Installer

The theme installer is in your Salesforce org, where you must upload this theme as a zip file.

## Features

- New card carousels for featured categories, products, or filtered products
- New cart sidebar containing 'continue' and 'view cart' action buttons
- Cart modal on product page, it displays upsell products related the current product just added to cart
- Expandable search bar
- Cart page upsell products (you can now manually set what's you upsell category on the cart page section)
- Image swapper on product cards if your product contain more than 1 image
- Image zoom in effect on product card images

#### Add to cart modal

<img width="1511" alt="elegance_theme_product_modal" src="https://github.com/GetStoreConnect/elegance-theme/assets/77841884/c060deeb-1573-4ffb-914e-808e7dd7b3cc">

#### Cart Sidebar

<img width="1507" alt="elegance_theme_sidebar" src="https://github.com/GetStoreConnect/elegance-theme/assets/77841884/c582c5d6-fc1b-4c51-a372-d69e3eff70d8">

> ### New Content Blocks

Reviewer: put this section below Modified Section, that way the section following this is the instructions on how to add new templates to the picklist.

- Image slider

### Modified Content Blocks

- featured_categories
- featured_products
- image_text_overlay

## How to Add Content Blocks to Picklist

You can follow the instructions in this document to [add content blocks to the picklist](https://help.getstoreconnect.com/documentation/adding-templates-to-content-template-picklist.html).

## Configuration

> The first step is to download this repository as a `zip` folder and then upload it to your StoreConnect app via the theme importer located in the StoreConnect CMS.

Reviewer: Technically a .zip is a file.
And we have a dedicated app for Themes. 
<img width="322" alt="image" src="https://github.com/GetStoreConnect/elegance-theme/assets/36143976/c53263ae-1069-475c-b985-627ece89c93e">

```suggestion
The first step is to download this repository as a `zip` and then upload it to your StoreConnect app via the theme importer located in the StoreConnect Themes app.
```

> ### Troubleshooter

Reviewer: Remove this section as you should test the .zip yourself to make sure it works. Then there is no need for this.
